## Date: 18th November, 2025.
## 🎯 Mini Goals for the Day:
- Chess (Estimated time - 1hr) ✅:
	- Play and analyse at least 1 game of Chess. 
	- Review your past losses
- "Tasks at Work" (Estimated time - 3hrs) ✅:
	- Work on authentication api integration on the frontend.
	- Build custom multi-select component.
- Drawing Challenge Practice begins! (Estimated time - 3hrs) ✅:
	- Practice the Loomis method for heads
	- Practice the anatomy of the eye and draw.
## 📖 What I worked on:
- Played and anaysed 2 games of Chess. W1L1. - 1hr.
- "Tasks at work" (Updated the editor component and continued working on the onboarding flow) - 6hrs.
- Drawing Challenge Practice - 3hrs.
## 📝 Notes / Thoughts:
Encountered a very wicked bug while working on extracting the text content from editorState in the custom component I made using `meta's` `Lexical`. It was a very minor issue that I totally missed (I was essentially using the stale state for some computation elsewhere before setting state). A lot of hours were wasted to that sadly, but at least I know to carefully look out for that next time, haha.

Officially started the drawing Challenge (Day 1) today. It was rather nice, I'd say. I practiced the different head angles using the Loomis method (20 drawings), then I moved on to the eye. I learnt the basic anatomy of that and did a follow-along drawing with Stan Prokopenko. I need to draw that at least 5 times and then move on to other facial features. I did spend a lot of time (1hr) drawing just the eye. I also have to work on my speed. The first 5 days of this challenge are probably going to be getting familiar with the different techniques and practicing the distinct facial features, but after then it's going to be more about context-based practice; the aim of this challenge is to make a YT video drawing Temi Otedola, hence I have to practice drawing a lot of faces, essentially everyday (at least 2 each day). Obviously they can't be detailed because those would consume a lot of time. So we should attempt 5 quick sketches of faces everyday and at least 1 detailed portrait every other day. This system is subject to be modified and fine-tuned based on progress and my schedule.

Chess is basically on maintenance mode now. I really thought I would break 1450 before the end of November, but it doesn't seem like that's going to happen anymore, haha. Anyways, I have to keep playing and analyzing my games.
## 😴 Sleep :
- Wakeup time: 5:30am.
- Bedtime: 8:30pm.
## ⏱️ Total Time Logged:  10 hrs