# Daily Logs

This repository is meant to serve as a place to dump the summary of activities in my day that pertain to things I have classified as "work". It's also a way for me to track the amount of hours in a day I channel in to these self-labeled productive endeavours.

I've tried to-do lists multiple times in the past and it's usually quite difficult to strike out all the items consistently because of a whole host of reasons. First, the to-do lists usually accounted for both hours and amount of work to be done (which was typically unrealistic). This was always set up to fail because predicting how much time an unexplored activity in a certain field is going to take is next to impossible. Second, it can be pretty hard to account for unforeseen activities that may come up (or putting it more stringently, "*noise to the system*"). The unforeseen events may also even stem from the work itself in cases where tunnel visioning happens or being stuck on a problem for much longer than anticipated.

In this approach, which one could term a glorified to-do list system, at the start of each day I would have a set of different fields of which I should engage in deep work, then I set very mini-goals and then allocate time blocks to each of them. At the end of the day, the total hours poured into these endeavours and how many mini-goals I was able to hit would be recorded. Based on this system, the measure of what constitutes a successful day might be hard. I don't particularly want to focus on the hours spent because number of hours dedicated to something doesn't necessarily equal quality of work done or progress made, although one could argue that there is some correlation especially if the practice of "deep work" was being exercised. Also, I don't want to focus on the rate of completion of the mini-goals because I might be setting goals that are too easy or difficult. There may even be activities planned for the day that lead me down a fun, exploratory path. Ideally, there should be some form of rating for each day, but as I have outlined above there really is no sure-fire way. I suppose we figure that out later? (Also, it is important that I read or at least watch a YouTube video summary on Scott Young's book on Ultralearning)

This daily tracking habit is ideally to be sustained for about 4 - 6 months, as I think that's enough time for one to completely stick to a new schedule/system (although that is even debatable).

> *You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.* ~ **Buckminster Fuller**
