## Date: 2nd October, 2025.

## 🎯 Mini Goals for the Day:
- Play and Analyze 2 Chess game.
- Solve 10 Healthy Mix of Chess Puzzles.
- Work on the repository layer in the questions resource, refactor the CRUD for the categories service and then work on users creating trivia sessions and questions being graded. 
- Read first chapter of the Mathematical Proofs book.
- Work on 1 Leetcode problem.
## 📖 What I worked on:
- Attempted to write a custom schemaMapper function that maps keys from one form to another. - 8hrs.
## 📝 Notes / Thoughts:
Tried to come up with a schemaMapper function in the nostro tempo application that takes in an input zod schema (yeah, it is tightly coupled to zod) and a mapperObj and then transforms the inputSchema based on that. Observe the example below:

``` ts
const inputSchema = z.object({
	name: z.string(),
	titanId: z.uuidv4(),
});

const mapperObj = { name: "eren-jaeger", titanId: "titan_id" };

// map the keys in the inputSchema to the new keys specified in the mapper object.
schemaMapper(inputSchema, mapperObj) // => 
// returns the following:
{
	"eren-jaeger": z.string(),
	"titan_id": z.uuidv4(),
}
```

Accurate typing of the new schema, returned by the `schemaMapper` function, should be enforced. I spent basically the whole of yesterday trying to come up with this function, but to no avail. It was really nerve-wracking. I was so out of depth especially in writing the typing. At least a positive were the huge gaps in my typescript knowledge. I definitely have to add typescript (and perhaps a bit of type theory) practice to my schedule after I read the Mostly Adequate Guide to Functional Programming book.

The problem outlined above still remains unsolved, but I shall just use a basic function for now that maps camelCase keys to snakeCase and vice-versa and I guess I would also have to manually write the types myself.

**Final Note:** I couldn't do any other thing yesterday because of the huge blocker I had. Work is starting to pile up, but the main thing is maintaining consistency.
## 😴 Sleep :
- Wakeup time: 7:00am
- Naptime: 4:30pm - 6:00pm
- Bedtime: 11:30pm.
## ⏱️ Total Time Logged:  8.5 hrs
