## Date: 25th November, 2025.
## 🎯 Mini Goals for the Day:
- Chess (Estimated time - 45mins) ✅:
	- Play and analyse at least 1 game of Chess. 
- "Tasks at Work" (Estimated total time - 6hrs) ✅:
	- Finish working on the mobile version of the website.
- Drawing Challenge Practice Day 5! (Estimated total time - 4hrs):
	- Practice the Loomis method on a few heads (10 drawings at least).
	- Practice drawing nose and lips (4 drawings each).
	- Draw a portrait of one of the other selected faces for this challenge.
	- Attempt another shot at Temi Otedola if time permits.
## 📖 What I worked on:
- Played and analysed 2 games of Chess. W3L1 - 1hr 15mins.
- "Tasks at Work" (finished the implementation of the mobile version of the website for schools) - 6hrs spent coding (based on the time tracked in the editor).
- Practiced front views of the Loomis method (6 drawings) - 1hr.
- Practiced nose drawing - 1hr 30mins.
- Drew a portrait of one of the images in the random folder - 1hr.
## 📝 Notes / Thoughts:
Today was a relatively long day actually. My biggest takeaway would most certainly be the reality check from the drawing challenge, loll. I have weaknesses while drawing the facial features (particularly in shading to give it depth and depict exactly the direction of lighting), but usually the drawings look like the references to some extent. I decided to put the skills together and draw a portrait and it was sooo off. I actually took too long before drawing the first portrait during the challenge; this is already Day 5 (about 25 more days left). I should draw as many portraits as possible and as fast as I can. Next steps are to go through the necessary sections in the Andrew Loomis book, focus on line work for really quick portraits (at least 10 everyday) and then work on more detailed ones every other day.

Ideally, I should overlay each of the drawings that I work on, on the original reference image. Doing this manually would be stressful. If time exists, I should work on a tool that automatically automates this for me. But the implications of this would be a push back in the drawing challenge. Hmmmm, I'm not sure yet; I would think about it.

With regards to the work tasks. It is quite stressful and involves quite a bit of features/steps. I am tired for the most part, lol.

We go again I guess, take each day by the scruff of the neck. *What use is a life of mediocrity?*
## 😴 Sleep :
- Wakeup time: 2:30am.
- Bedtime: 9:30pm
## ⏱️ Total Time Logged:  10.75hrs