## Date: 8th November, 2025.
## 🎯 Mini Goals for the Day:
- Play and analyzse least 2 game of Chess. ✅
- Watch a bit of Naroditsky's speedrun video. ✅
- Solve at least 5 Healthy Mix of Lichess Puzzles. 
- Finish Single Player Mode in the Nostro Tempo application. ✅
- Look into kysely and how it can be integrated into Nostro Tempo. 
- Read Chapter 1 of Grokking Relational Database Design on O'reilly. ✅
- Solve Leetcode problems (using the path on Neetcode).
## 📖 What I worked on:
- Played and analysed 4 games of Chess and lost all, loll - 1hr.
- Watched a bit of Naroditsky's speedrun content and did some extra analysis with Lichess - 1hr.
- Update db schema and worked on step 1 of single player mode in Nostro tempo - 5hrs.
- Started reading Chapter 1 of Grokking Relational Database Design on O'reilly - 30mins.
## 📝 Notes / Thoughts:
Not using any query builders or ORMs can be a pain and actually hampers speed of development. The reason why I chose to do that is to use this as a learning opportunity to learn SQL. I would soon integrate the kysely to speed up development, while still having some fine-grained control over the SQL code. But in general, I don't want to get too bogged down on the SQL implementation details. The nostro tempo project is quite complex and there are much complex things to consider than the database implementation. If there should be any thing to worry about in that regard, it should just be a quick crash course on database design. 

The very optimistic, delusional Chess goal of 1600 by the end of November would not be easy to achieve by any means. But achieving that isn't exactly the point. The aim is to set a goal quite high and see how long I can push myself to my limit, or even to figure out what exactly my limit is and how long it can be sustained for. 

All these would become increasingly difficult when I incorporate the drawing practice for my YouTube video to be released late December. 

Anyway, we just have to keep moving forward. Taking each day by the scruff of the neck.
## 😴 Sleep :
- Wakeup time: 3:15am.
- Bedtime: 7:00pm.
## ⏱️ Total Time Logged:  7.5hrs