## Date: 9th November, 2025.
## 🎯 Mini Goals for the Day:
- Play and analyse least 2 game of Chess. ✅
- Solve at least 5 Healthy Mix of Lichess Puzzles. 
- Finish Single Player Mode in the Nostro Tempo application.
- Look into kysely and how it can be integrated into Nostro Tempo. 
- Read Chapter 1 of Grokking Relational Database Design on O'reilly. ✅
- *Solve at least 1 Leetcode problem (using the path on Neetcode).*
## 📖 What I worked on:
- Played and analysed 3 games of Chess. W2L1 - 1hr.
- Read Chapters 1 and 2 of Grokking Relational Database Design on O'reilly - 3hrs.
- Continued work on the nostro tempo application (mainly worked on db design and updating sql code) - 6hrs.
## 📝 Notes / Thoughts:
I like the teaching style of the Grokking Relational Database Design. It is a nice blend of using practical applications to quickly explain the database design concepts and using fun analogies to strengthen concepts; it's quite pedagogical. I chose this book because I was pressed for time and still wanted a medium to grasp the basic concepts of relational database design. The author of the book also states how in this modern age (the age of generative AI), learning has never been faster. chatGPT is a relatively reliable way of getting quick, well tailored answers that would've otherwise been gotten via a more involving iterative process of searching the web. But it is to be used with caution, because AI can be quite confident even when wrong.

I discovered that SQL was not Turing complete till the introduction of CTE (something about window functions, I think). It's something I would definitely look into if I find the time. 

With regards to the nostro tempo application that I am building in Express, it is taking soo long. I am getting really bogged down on the details of db design and sql implementation to the point where I think it's rather distracting (analysis paralysis, in short). I really don't want to use an ORM because of the extra bloat and loss of performance. I definitely have to see how much time I'd be able to shave off if I can switch to using query builders (kysely to be precise). The complexity of the nostro tempo application is quite high and I've barely even begun step 1 of building. The hackathon demo is in exactly 11 days from now. That's more like 10 days because I have to use the last day to create the demo video, come up with a write up and edit.

Again, we take it one day at a time while attempting to push ourselves quite close to functioning limit.
## 😴 Sleep :
- Wakeup time: 2:00am.
- Bedtime: 10:00pm.
## ⏱️ Total Time Logged:  10hrs