## Date: 13th November, 2025.
## 🎯 Mini Goals for the Day:
- Chess (Estimated time - 1.5hrs) ✅
	- Play and analyse least 2 game of Chess. 
	- Solve at least 10 Healthy Mix of Lichess Puzzles.
- Nostro Tempo (Estimated time - 6hrs) ✅:
	- Finally finish first version of single player mode on Nostro tempo. ✅
	- Begin work on integrating the query builder (kysely).
- Database Design (Estimated time - 3hrs):
	- Revise Chapters 1 and 2 and read Chapter 3 of Grokking Relational Database Design on O'reilly.
	- Watch a video on YT about related concepts.
- Drawing Challenge Practice begins! (Estimated time - 3hrs) ✅:
	- Research for learning portrait drawing and combination of all the necessary resources.
	- Pick a target portrait to draw at the end of the challenge (a good picture of Temi Otedola).
	- Pick 10 other ones to draw as means of directed practice.
	- Attempt to draw the chosen image of Temi Otedola.
## 📖 What I worked on:
- Played and analyzed 2 games of Chess W1L1. - 1hr.
- Solved 4 Healthy Mix of Lichess Puzzles. -1hr.
- Worked on first version of single player mode on Nostro tempo. - 7hrs.
- Did necessary research for drawing challenge and selected resources. - 3hrs.
## 📝 Notes / Thoughts:
I still haven't had the time to integrate the query builder (kysely) into the nostro tempo application. Completing the single player mode has been proving difficult, initially because of database design considerations and feature creeps, but now it's just down to execution. The code is starting to be all over the place (i.e, spaghetti code). I completed the version of single player mode where the user selects a quiz from random categories (systems creates an ad-hoc quiz on the fly). Grading of answers submitted by users is almost complete. I also started researching about how the multiplayer mode would fit into this model/architecture. 

I was so close to hitting 1400 on Lichess, but my rating retraced a bit. Chess has been put on the back burner now, but I will still be studying/playing for about 1hr - 1.5hrs everyday, if there's time. 

The Drawing Challenge began today. Necessary (somewhat extensive too) was done and we shall officially start tomorrow.

## 😴 Sleep :
- Wakeup time: 3:30am.
- Naptime: 7:00am - 9:45am.
- Bedtime: 10:45pm.
## ⏱️ Total Time Logged:  12hrs